//Hello Dr. Rob I couldn't find the Student Research file in ccs, so I am creating a temporary file here.

If you are a student like me who would like to use the cloud for research purposes, then you are at the right place. The following steps will walk you through
how to get a cloud account and and how to use the cloud to make your work flow much simpler.

1. Create an AWS account through us. This is as simple as emailing .... to get an AWS account set up.

Once we have set up an account for you, you will receive an Account number, User Name, and Password. This is a private account, so please do not share this information
with anyone.

2. Choose the solution that you would like to build.

3. Click on Launch a virtual machine in Build a Solution.

  1. In the AWS console https://console.aws.amazon.com, click on Launch a virtual machine. For information about EC2 instance pricing, visit https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/ where you can find out about the cost to run EC2 Instance on different operating systems.
  
  2. Click on Get Started. Type in a name for your EC2 Instance. Example: MyFirstInstance
  
  3. Select an Operating System. Example: Amazon Linux AMI
  
  4. Select an Instance Type. Example: t2.micro (You can check for the price of this Instance Type by going to https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/)
  
  5. Create a Key Pair and download and save it in a safe place on your computer.
  
  Congratualtions! You have successfully launched your own EC2 Instance.
  
Where do I find the EC2 Dashboard?

Click on the Services tab in the AWS console. Under Compute, click on EC2. 

Connecting to your Linux Instance Using SSH from Terminal or Command Prompt

1. Go to the Folder where you saved your key pair file in Terminal. 

2. Type ssh ec2-user@12.123.56.110 -i KeypairName.pem 

If WARNING: UNPROTECTED PRIVATE KEY FILE! appears, type ls -al Fir* in the terminal to check the permissions. This will be in a format like the this: -r--rw-r--
Then, type chmod 400 FirstInstance.pem in the terminal to change the permissions to -r--------
Hit enter and then press the up arrow key to return to ssh ec2-user@12.123.56.110 -i KeypairName.pem

3. When you have successfully accessed your Linux Instance, you will see the following.

If you are asked to run sudo yum update, type this in to apply all updates. Complete! will show when the updating is done.

For a more detailed instruction, visit http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AccessingInstancesLinux.html

Congratualtions! You have successfully connected to your linux instance.








  
  
  
  
  
  
  



